oops
entity class
no of properties
two string method = already declare in one class
non primitive data types
array object and string
string is a class in object


hands on coding:
packages and access modifier 
comprehending java packages
hook concept-splitting data
access modifier - public,private & default
RULES FOR PACKAGES:
  1. give a meaningful names.
  2. organize a class based on their functionality.
  3. always try to over nesting at package.
  4. always keep a balance between the hierarchy and simplicity.
  5. follow java naming conventions.
  6. use lowercase for packages names and follow reserve domain notations.
  7. use proper access modifiers to class within your packages.limit visibility to only what is necessary for other class.
BENEFITS OF PACKAGES:
   1.organization
   2.encapsulation
   3.code reusability
   4.access production
   5.maintainance
modifier keyword and accessibility of a class
Java language provides
access modifier - provides boundary for accessing members of a class and class itself
more restrictive - when it is upper to lower
less restrictive - lower to upper
non access modifier
instances of b1 class
single ton class - shares single memory from their own class
,object cant be created 
/and shared where ever needed
how to create single ton class 
*by creating a private constructor
object  - static (run-automatically execute)keyword in reference = memory contructor - jvm (it needs a constructor)
create a directory structure 
my app
package 2
   1.app
   2.model
   3.con.tnsif



user defined input and constructor
different ways which user input and  output
   1.scanner class 
scanner input = new. scanner(system.in);



import java.util.Scanner;

public class Greeting {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Scanner input = new Scanner(System.in);
        System.out.println("Enter your name:");
        String n = input.nextLine(); // Corrected method name
        System.out.println("Hello " + n); // Added a space for better formatting
        input.close(); // It's a good practice to close the scanner
    }
}

reading character usijng the scanner class
char c= reader.next().charA(0);
Scanner----> strimg read
reading input cheacking method.....
hasNextDouble()
hasNextline()
hasNext()
reuturns Boolean values.

loop - take all the values in a collectuion-from array set list 
one by  one u can use hasNext()if int hasNextint()

buffer reader- why? ----> character read
scanner reads and takes a lot of time to read a character
but buffer reader data is stored as part part, efficient stores the data- used in th eto read the contect from the document

file reader-buufer reader- text reader
string-->int use pass int method...*

int-float-long-char-double-boolean-short
wrapper class-interger-floating-long - character


packafge la we can create a normal file also*


implicit default constructor-- if we dont assign constructor the jvm eill create the default constructor.assign the defaukt values of variables....*
explixt cdefault constaructior -coder create the constartuctor.

ru;les for creating the constructor
same name for class.
dont worry abt return type
initate something to the object

constructor- inital setting will provide(automativally)
load page-->automatic loading content by the constructuer,,,

 






   
 